foreign
hey folks it's Stu and Andy from
Evolution Unleashed and today we want to
have a bit of a real talk about Ai and
sort of look through the hype look
through the doomerism and sort of break
all that away and get back down to the
heart of where AI is today and more
importantly what it means for you
and how you can prepare for this
incredible disruption that's coming and
look the thing is you get people like
Sam Altman who's the CEO and co-founder
of open AI saying things like
AI is going to take a lot of jobs away
and he's just been in India Andy where
he spoke to all these students and he
said you know uh millions of jobs are
going away millions and while that's
quite disturbing on one site he also
said yes but there's a second side to
the coin which is the abundance that is
going to flow from Ai and he's put out
some ridiculous numbers Andy that I
can't wrap my head around where he says
over the next decade or two we're going
to see 50 GDP growth per year year on
year
which is incredible the wealth creation
that is about to happen with AI is
immense
but the sort of dichotomy or difficulty
we have right now is just sort of seeing
where we are and it's really hard to
imagine that Andy it's really hard to
put ourselves in a mindset where AI is
integrated into every aspect of our life
because that is coming whether we like
it or not so people aren't preparing
people are just sort of playing on chat
GPT kind of oh yeah it did some cool
stuff I got a cake recipe I got a
workout routine but I don't really you
know it's not really that great yet and
I'm missing out on the ability to go
deep into chat GPT and withdraw some
absolutely mind-blowing stuff that we're
already applying to business now we're
seeing massive results like uh workflows
from 160 hours collapsed down to 30
hours you know this the saving in that
in in labor is immense but people are
saying well what does it mean for me
well AI take my job will AI destroy my
business but Andy as we've been talking
a lot you know before we get into those
sort of deeper questions the fact is AI
in its current state today can't do your
job it can't take away
um Your Role because the role of a human
is still integral in terms of our
experience and our expertise and our
ability to execute what you call Andy
the three E's
right and before we talk about the
threes I think just using in a quick
analogy that most people would probably
see and we'll probably understand if
you've seen Iron Man 2 it's that scene
where Tony Stark goes to his dad's you
know complex and put and brings back
like big models of the whole Stark um
Park thingamajigi and Jarvis yeah yeah
not not entire but the whole amusement
park right so
um right so Jarvis scans everything and
pulls it into this hologram and Iron Man
Tony Stark starts to play around with it
and just does a lot of experiments and
all of a sudden boom it hits right it
and that was the formula to redesign and
reinvent The Arc Reactor right so I
mentioned in that right now because at
the moment the current AI Technologies
and tools that we have are essentially
an extension of our own intelligence and
capacities right so when I say that I
mean that if you have experience in
expertise certain field when you are
using AI
AI can help you extrapolate the amount
of knowledge that you're able to
assimilate all together at once right
because at the end of the day we don't
know what we don't know and for us to
have trillions of sets like a little
over a trillion set of data like tragic
D4 and that would take us a really long
time to accumulate right and a lot of it
may or may not be relevant to us where
we are in our lives right but Chaturbate
does that all for us we just need to
know how to tap into that wealth of
knowledge in order to find
and rethink ways to do business to do
whatever you want to do but in a more
effective and efficient way right and
yes chat UT Air Technology seems cool it
seems really awesome it can do a lot of
things but at the end of the day it
really is still in its infancy it's
really not mature yet right there's a
lot of things you can do but at the same
time it does make a lot of mistakes and
it does hallucinate and sometimes you
can get it to do dumb things as well
right and which is funny once in a while
right but you know when we take a really
deep look at the advantages and
disadvantages of Air Technology AI tools
like strategypt being you know all that
kind of stuff it really comes down to
how do we want to be able to use this
technology to help augment Our Lives
augment our businesses augment our work
our augment our careers there's a lot
that can do it's just how right now and
I think that's the biggest problem that
we're trying to
um take a look at from different angles
and perspectives
yeah Andy you make you you know that
that's bang on because
as AI stands now in its infancy a lot of
people are saying okay great well I'll
wait right it'll get better and then
I'll jump in or you know I spoke to one
business owner and he's like I just
don't want to learn a new skill right
now I'm not interested you know many
people are sleeping on AI and they're
going to wake up one day and the world
is going to have changed because
I've been reading some interesting stuff
around you know when when this you know
AGI is kind of the goal and it's very
clear that open AI are wanting to be the
first ones to achieve it and they may be
very very close in the background we
don't know but artificial general
intelligence is simply uh uh an AI like
chpt or Bing that can do everything that
a human can do literally
so that's quite incredible when you
think about it and it used to be the
realm of Science Fiction and now they're
saying you know we'll have it by 2029
and now Sam Alton is saying ah actually
we could get there in the next two to
three years uh that exponential rise in
technology is phenomenal now humans
traditionally we're slow to change West
low to adapt we don't like change and
that's why I think you know the adoption
rates are off the charts 14 of people
already using it uh weekly or you know
four percent of those daily uh eight
percent weekly
um so people are using this tool and the
adoption rate is significantly faster
than say iPhones or other you know
internet technology yet by the same
token a lot of people are missing out
because they don't understand its value
yet or they haven't figured out how to
extract that value you know we're using
it in business we we came to chat GPT if
you don't know our story folks we we
sort of Saw chat GPT the date came out
30th of November
2022 will be a day that history marks as
a turning point when we look back but
you know that was a day that we first
started using this tool and probably
like you we were so excited wow look you
see that magic cursor dancing across the
screen all these answers but as you go
down the road a bit more you realize
it's pretty bland it's pretty generic
it's like a jack of all trades it's
giving you very predictable answers
but we were not satisfied with that and
we took some real world use cases and we
just kept hammering at it until we were
able to break down and figure out how to
get tattoo PT to give us some real world
value and in doing so we came up with a
new prompt structure you know which is a
bit more extensive now this isn't just
for novel stuff we focus predominantly
on business entrepreneurship people that
want to start a side hustle online
because they're worried their job might
go away so we're here to cater to that
audience and what we'd say is you can
get real world value from Chachi PT now
as I said we've collapsed marketing
workflows but not just that we've
aligned our offer perfectly to our
Target Market in fact we can go a little
deeper and align our offer perfectly to
four very separate segments of our
market and speak to them very
individually the person of
personalization aspect of AI yet to be
determined anyway the point of all this
rent and rambling rambling really is
chechi PT has power now if you're
prepared to learn it and if you're
prepared to you know shift the way you
think but the exciting and problematic
part is both exciting and problematic is
that we don't have sort of a road map
forward we don't know what AI is going
to do to society we know what people are
extrapolating out and saying it's going
to destroy us uh Doom is people are
going to use it it's gonna or it might
get really intelligent and turn on its
creators you know all this weird
kind of stuff where in reality humans
are still driving that tool and it's
just for now at least a very powerful
tool and the way to unlock it is through
advanced prompting which is something we
teach for free in our Facebook group uh
which is evolution Unleashed AI
you can come in there we've got training
guides all free because we really want
people to understand
how to use this technology today so that
when this exponential curve is run its
course we have written it all the way we
have been part of that process because
if you wait you're going to wake up one
day
and the world will have changed which is
what I started this little rent with and
the point of that is something our Sam
open said you know when ago when that
big breakthrough in AI happens you won't
know
it'll life will keep going on
we won't know the day it happens we'll
just know when it starts getting out
into society so it could have already
happened we just don't know the point is
Kansas is going bye-bye Dorothy Wizard
of Oz reference and the way things have
been will no longer be the way things
are going to be Andy how on Earth do we
as business owners as community members
as family members that want to provide
for our families potentially
how do we reconcile this massive kind of
Leaping technology when we don't have a
Playbook we don't have anything to sort
of lean on and say this is what Society
is going to look like
it's it's it's mentally it's quite a
tough place to be in
yeah I would definitely say so and
uh when there's a men there's so many
different ways to come at this um topic
right you can have philosophical ways
you could have
um right cultural ways even religious
ways you know like we're not going to
touch that not today but yeah but I
think
what's really important what we can do
right now is just start by asking simple
questions you know like what if we could
do it like this or why can't we do it
like that or like why does this happen
right a lot of
thoughts because at the end of the day
invention and Innovation is all comes
from from necessity right and what do we
actually want to have what do we need to
have in our lives right and it really
comes down to like so we're getting a
little bit philosophical here but you
know your awareness of the possibilities
in your life right now right so
awareness is possible that's two
different things right if you see
possibilities but you don't realize that
actually that can be part of my life
then you're not going to have that want
or need to actually want to go that
extra step to like explore right if you
I want to explore but you don't see the
possibilities then like there's nothing
for you to really explore you're going
to have a hard time just fumbling around
in the dark right now ai technology like
so this especially Chachi BT gpt4
it gives you both right it gives you
anything that you can think of in in
terms of a text format and as long as
you can explain to Chachi Beauty what
you want or just you know maybe not even
explain just tell it what you want just
describe hey I want to do this and I
want to do that but also I have this
limitation I have this restriction what
can I do in this sense right and a lot
of it does come back even deeper into
the awareness sector of introspection
right do you understand where you're
coming from what you want to be doing
and all that and is this or is this
really something you want to do or is it
something that the status quo expects
you to do right so either way it really
comes back down to a level of awareness
and where you are in life and where you
want to get to right so if you see that
difference okay then you know okay so
I'm not where I want to be and how can I
get there so that's when these questions
start going even deeper right but
everything starts by asking questions
and being curious about the
possibilities that are out there so I
think coming back to Stu's question
about like how like how does this look
what is this relate like what does this
mean to us I would say you know as
people in our lives or maybe not even
work just start asking questions right
and yes
a lot of these questions are going to be
starting out as you know simple one-line
questions but as you receive information
I need to receive Knowledge from chat
tubidy's trillion data sets you're
you're going to start to um expand your
awareness and your understanding of of
the possibilities and when that happens
you will naturally start to ask deeper
questions
yeah and what excites me the most about
AI today not in the future is the
possibilities that it already opens up
for us and people are slow to really to
learn this and a lot of the problem is
social media unfortunately when you go
on social media you look at chat GPT
groups or you look at content created
it's all fluffy it's all quite you know
hard and nobody's really sat down and
said look this is a possibility that
exists now this is exactly how you use
it and this is how you unlock some value
to to really give yourself a massive
Edge in the market and and to really
harness this technology in a way that
can redefine and repurpose your life so
you know we're working on a project at
the moment Andy where essentially
instead of building your life around
your business you're going to be able to
build your business around your life and
create the perfect role for yourself by
leaning into AI so
the the thing we've already demonstrated
and proven is that AI has immense value
for for entrepreneurs for business
owners right now we've created some cool
products we're not here to sell those
today but at the end of the day
for anybody looking at Ai and curious
about what is it going to mean for me
and my business don't sleep on this this
revolution or disruption or whatever you
want to describe it is going to happen
so fast we're going to have ai
personalized medicine we're going to
have a new way of learning uh as ai's
learn how you learn and can teach you
right so imagine what that's going to
mean for a school for education and it's
going to take a while for that to all
change because we're just so slow to
adapt but when that AI reaches a certain
level of intelligence we won't need to
figure out how to make that change it'll
help us and that's where a lot of the
fear comes in Andy you know I don't want
to Outsource
to to uh Ai and we've always been the
dominant species on our planet we've
always been top of the food chain and
then to think that we have created an
intelligence that may surpass us it's
quite mind-boggling it's it it really
Taps into our name it's Evolution
Unleashed it's the Pinnacle and we are
witnessing
the single greatest change technology
whatever you want to call it Revolution
that is ever been invented that has ever
happened this will be the turning point
if Humanity survives and we end up you
know traveling to the stars there will
be a before Ai and an after Ai and
that'll be a massive massive change
so Andy one of the things you know that
drives a lot of the fear around AI is
the unknown and as humans we we have
this innate fear of the unknown right we
don't know what's going to happen so
people tend to default to the negative
AI is going to destroy Society I don't
buy into that I you know our philosophy
behind Evolution unleash is very clear
we're here to equip people teach them
how to use AI in a way that levels the
playing field takes the power away from
these big corporations and these rich
few and puts it back in the hands of the
people and AI has that promise and part
of our mission and our role with
Evolution at least is to be a voice for
that a voice that says AI is for all not
a few uh it it needs to be that no
matter where you're born no matter what
body you're born into you have the same
opportunity AI can create that same
opportunity as every other person on the
planet it's still going to be up to you
to take it but we're heading into an age
of abundance I believe uh where you're
going to be able to create so much
content the amount of content that
you're going to be able to consume is
just going to explode there's going to
be new versions of YouTube that'll come
out you know all these old things will
pass and new things will come along and
you know text to video
in the last two months the leaping text
to video has been incredible imagine a
chat GPT where you can just type in you
know as you said Andy it's it's having a
clear idea of what you want and that's
where prompt structure comes in we won't
talk about that today but essentially
imagine you can take your vision
articulate it clearly through prompting
to an AI that can then create a video
that's incredible and then 3D
environments down the road so we're
entering an age of abundance we're going
to have proliferation of content it's
going to take automatically the power
away you know big corporations aren't
going to be able to compete they're two
people here either to
um they're too bloated right and we
using AI can compete on the same level
as them
now today so we're going to see a
breakdown of big corporations I think
and we're going to see a redistribution
of wealth and again what we want to do
is make sure that that wealth doesn't
just benefit the rich but actually
finally transfers to the people uh so
that we all share in this age of
abundance that is upon us now Andy it's
very aspirational most people are out
there being doomers saying ai's going to
destroy Society you know and we're we're
saying well regardless of what happens
we want to be a voice good we want to
show people possibilities because the
possibilities that exist now are just
absolutely mind-blowing and you know
we're very fortunate Andy that through a
lot of very many many many late night
prompting sessions that we find
ourselves in
um you know we've we've been able to
drill down Beyond those one trillion
data sets if you like and find the data
sets that can help Focus the power of
that AI into whatever tasks we're doing
and focused AI is so powerful
oh we are entering the most exciting
times and most of sleeping so Andy let's
let's not ramble too long this was just
an introduction video to who we are what
we stand for and where we see the
industry and what our approach is which
is very positive and about empowering
and equipping people with the tools to
and skills to use AI to benefit
themselves their families and their
communities and that's a very ambitious
Vision but one that we you know
demonstrate rather than talk about we
just do it so any final words before we
sort of uh
in this video and my rant
right so just go back to you know how
this relates to us and the fears
um I on the side you know I have a
little like hobby I'm a I I do teach
English where I am I'm in Taiwan so I do
teach English and when chat Tubidy first
came out in the first one or two months
we were already using chachibuti to help
us with a lot of things right so
obviously I took it and tried to see
what I could do with tattoo BT
um in a form of teaching now I
understand that fear because when I saw
what I could do I I had two fears right
away right number one
um anybody could use this to learn even
faster learn English even faster right
because I knew how to prompt and I could
get it to refine essays to tell me not
to give us feed and could give me and my
students feedback about what it did well
uh you know what the student did well
what what didn't do well potential areas
of misunderstanding all that kind of
stuff right and at first I'm being
brutally honest right here at first I
really wanted to keep this knowledge to
myself I wanted like oh well I'm a
teacher like you know if other people's
learn how to do I'm not gonna have a job
but then I really quickly realized no
this technology is going to be available
to everybody so instead of just a
hoarding all this you know like little
bits of information I took a step okay
I'm going to teach my students how to
use chat to help them learn English even
better even faster you have to have any
questions they can just add chat gbt for
a basic understanding or a basic
explanation if they still have questions
from there that's when I can step in as
a teacher and really focus on the more
advanced parts of why it should be like
this it shouldn't be like this right and
I really do see that you know the
Dynamics are starting to change and how
we
look at work how we look at our jobs how
we look at you know our identity even as
as people because right now my job has
changed from you know being a teacher to
be more of a facilitator and guiding
people's thoughts about okay so as chat
qbd first like get your like initial
round of feedback and then
my role here is to help you execute it
and help you take what you've learned
and actually use it in real life right
so I think that story really made me
realize that yes check AI tools are very
powerful right but there's two things
that we all need to be able to do number
one we need to know how to use these
tools and number two once we know how to
use these tools we need to be able to
take that knowledge that we get from
these tools and implement it into real
life right and that's a really key thing
at any stage with any kind of Technology
right technology is only a piece of
Hardware it's a tool that allows you to
do a lot of things however even if you
know all the answers in the world and
you don't do anything about it well
you're not going to have much to show
for it essentially right so I would
definitely say that you know those two
parts really start learning how to use
technology even if this technology is
still immature still in its infancy
there's already a lot for us for us all
to learn right and as you learn it and
as it grows you'll also be able to
increase your understanding of this
technology and find different ways to
implement that knowledge into your life
and I believe that that is key in this
current stage where we are with this
technology yeah I couldn't agree more
and what's interesting Andy that fear
you see those two fears you know I
remember when we talked about the agency
that we were working in together and we
were like you know uh our agency and we
were like we're not going to have a job
in two years our business is gonna fail
right so that was the fear that actually
drove us to really uh get in and drill
deep into chat GPT but what we've
learned since then the fear is gone and
now it's just excitement and
anticipation right because we've learned
that chechi PT can be a very powerful
extension as you said of our
intelligence and as that technology
continues to improve that extension
becomes greater and and what it allows
us to do uh will will get bigger so you
know folks don't be afraid of AI don't
be afraid that it's going to destroy
Society we can't change what we can't
change and the key is to focus on things
within your circle of influence some old
Steve Covey here but when you focus on
things that you can control you grow
your circle of influence when you worry
and get all worked up about things that
you can't control you just diminish your
circle of influence you diminish your
impact and you diminish your ability to
take advantage of what is going to be
the most fun ride we have ever been on
so you know our role here really is just
to demystify AI sort of look past the
fear and look at the opportunity and
understand that right now ai isn't
coming for jobs to get the most out of
it think of a Michelangelo an analogy
I've used before right he can sculpt
take a marble block and he has this
Vision so he understands what he wants
then he understands how to use the tools
to create this amazing these amazing
sculptures or paintings or whatever you
want to look at whereas me with those
same tools and my lack of experience I'm
going to not make very pretty statues or
paint very pretty paintings and people
look at and think I'm crazy right and
that's where we're at with AI so as you
said earlier and I want to finish on
this you know to get the most out of AI
to to Really tap into that extension of
our intelligence we need two things we
need a level of expertise we need to
know something we add we need to have a
skill to extend right so our expertise
is marketing business systems all of
that kind of thing and we're seeing
massive massive uh
opportunity and we're already seeing our
revenues just flying uh our workloads
are decreasing it's incredible what it's
doing for us but that's expertise then
you need the ability to explain it to
the AI right you need to take your
vision and articulate it and we have a
very Advanced prompt structure with five
parts I'm not going to go into it right
now but all of that is available free at
the moment in our Facebook group so the
link again is below if you really are
serious about learning AI we've got all
the free training for you to start
learning how to apply this tool in a way
that's meaningful today to unlock real
world value so rather than worry about
is AI going to destroy us let's instead
focus on how can we use it today to
extend our intelligence and to improve
the lives of ourselves our family and
our communities uh because I think
that's something worth investing in and
you know we get to be at the Forefront
of what is probably the greatest
technological revolution in the history
of man and for that I'm grateful I'm
humble and to be here Andy with our
unleash family is just so incredible we
live in extraordinary times and what has
been will no longer be what is coming
will be like nothing that's been and we
have a chance to be part of it to shape
it and to ensure that this benefits all
not just a few so if that's a vision
you'd like to get behind like subscribe
and jump over to our group if you want
some of that training and we'll see you
in our next one
peace